# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).


## v2.0.0 - 2026-02-10
### Changed
* type name will be used as aura.AuraAPIClient by other packages, and that stutters; renamed to APIClient ( linting )
* api.APIResponse,api.APIError, api.APIErrorDetail and api.RequestService all have API removed to prevent stutters ( message from linting ) 
* Moved away from home grown prometheus metrics client to use the prometheus client go package
### Removed
* Store service removed from core client as this should be an application responsibility.
This change keeps the API client lightweight and focused on a single domain.

### Fixed
* Potential race condition - Auth token could expire between RUnlock and Lock
* Add validation for instance overwrite to make sure that at least ONE source is provided

## v1.5.1 - 2026-02-09
### Added
* Obtain tenant level prometheus metrics URL
* Estimate the size of a GDS session
* Get details for a single GDS Session. Delete a single GDS Session

## v1.5.0 - 2026-02-09
### Added
* Support for holding instance configurations in a store for use when creating instances.  Includes operations to manage the store
### Changed
* rationalised use of config struct within the code to ensure there is a single source of truth.

## v1.4.1 - 2026-02-09
### Added
* Added snapshot restore and get to README.md

## v1.4.0 - 2026-02-09
### Added
* Support for restoring from a snapshot and obtaining the details for a snapshot

## v1.3.1 - 2026-01-30
### Fixed
* Scrapes metrics correctly with tests adjusted to reflect this. 

## v1.3.0 - 2026-01-29
### Added
* get metrics using prometheus endpoints that the instances have. 

## v1.2.1 - 2026-01-28
### Removed
* Removed authMgr.go and requests.go as they are now both deprecated 

## v1.2.0 - 2026-01-22
### Changed
* Architecture changed to high level service - instances, snapshots etc --> API requests -> http client.  Should provide more flexibility

## v1.1.0 - 2026-01-21
### Changed
* The various services that represent each area of the Aura API, instances, snapshots, tenants, etc.. have been abstracted with interfaces. This makes mocking , for tests, easier.  Tests are updated"

## v1.0.6 - 2026-01-21
### Changed
* instances service checks instance id is valid where needed.  Added instance id validation func in utils. fixed typo in tenants.go and in tenants_test.go

## v1.0.5 - 2026-01-21
### Changed
* Modified cmek function to check for tenant id, and if valid, use it as a filter when listing cmeks

## v1.0.4 - 2026-01-04
### Changed
* Remove WithClientID and WithClientSecret and replaced with a single option for credentials, WithCredential

## v1.0.3 - 2026-01-04
### Added
* Added configuration option to set base url and version of the Aura API

## v1.0.2 - 2026-01-04
### Changed
* Switched to use "github.com/hashicorp/go-retryablehttp" from net/http and added retries. Max retry can be set as part of the client configuration

## v1.0.1 - 2026-01-04
### Changed
* This is the first release of a Go package that assists with using Neo4j Aura API.

## v1.0.0 - 2025-11-20
### Added
* Now using Changie for changefile generation
### Changed
* When using a client, removed all mention of Service to cut down the clutter
* Removed exports of all types apart from those needed to create and update an instance.  reduces clutter and tidies up what is exposed.
